---
layout: post
title: Week of 7/19/2015 - 7/25/2015 Daily Learning Diary
permalink: /blog/7-19-2015-learning-diary/
date: 2015-07-24
---

## 7/24
---
**Book: The Martian - Andy Weir (131/332 - 39% complete)**

So Mark has finally achieved communication back to NASA and it looks all well and dandy. NASA is planning a supply mission and they are making the spaceship as quick as possible. The Ares 3 crew were informed that Mark Watney was still alive and they seem very grateful about the good news. I believe Mark is going to be saved but not without mishaps along the way. The second half of the story should be interesting.

## 7/23
---
**Video: [Start Your Tech Career At An Apple Store - Eli the Computer Guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuMZaOiuM7c)**

> Why should I start a career in the Apple Store?

Lots of good benefits and room for advancement. Can go from being a salesperson to hardware repair which means it is not a dead end job.

Lessons to newcomers: Usually the first lessons in the field stay with you forever.

> What makes the Apple Store unique?

They never say anything bad about the customers. Good attitude is key and carries with you the rest of your tech career.

Don't argue in an interview or with the boss.

> What has changed in the tech industry from 10 years ago?

Less specialized equipment now. Corporate now use iPads, iPhones, Google Apps, etc. Now if you have Mac experience that will translate to the real world. It's a "bring your device" world.

> How to start in the field if you're new?

Apple stores or tech retail establishments is a way to get your foot in the door. Selling tech / interacting customers is something that is valuable than just waiting tables or mowing lawns. Good to put on your resume.

Employers want the basic knowledge already instilled so it's easier to train workers about more advanced stuff. Need the basic underlying comprehension.

If you can't get a job in the help desk or desktop support, then take a job in a Best Buy or Apple store.

## 7/22
---
**Article: [Why I’m Upgrading to Windows 10 - Gizmodo](http://reviews.gizmodo.com/why-i-m-upgrading-to-windows-10-1719559557)**

I've been considering upgrading my laptop from Windows 7 to Windows 10 but I am hesitant since Windows 7 works beautifully for me and I feel there's no point of trying to move to Windows 10. Windows 10 is going to have an entirely new interface so I'm going to have to spend energy learning how to navigate the OS. This could be more pain than worth it. Though luckily the free upgrade lasts a year so there's plenty of time to decide. I've always been a late adapter and I don't mind not having the newest toys. I'll see what others say about Windows 10 before I make a final decision whether I switch over to the dark side from my beloved Windows 7 operating system.

## 7/21
---
**Book: The Martian - Andy Weir (111/332 - 33% complete)**

Getting a good feeling that Mark Watney will be saved. Given the circumstances he's in, he is so mentally strong and wise in using the obsolete Pathfinder to communicate back to Earth. I hope I can have the attitude of Mark Watney. Even when there is no one around to guide him, he keeps on fighting for his life and has hope he can survive no matter the odds he's facing.